[Music]
every person in this room has the
perfect motive stay back for murder what
do you mean
but only one of these suspects is the
murderer is it the timid mr. green or
the militant Colonel Mustard why was the
killer I would kill you next
mrs. white who helped her husband on his
way what's the matter of life after
death now that he's dead I have a life
Miss Scarlet who's helped many men along
the way practice makes perfect
professor plum who's looking for a way
okay mrs. peacock absolutely no idea
what we're doing here but I am
determined to enjoy myself or did the
butler do it
Paramount Pictures invite you to an
evening of mr. Venus in the movie that
makes a scene of the crime
clue it's not just a game anymore
[Music]